					Introduction
  				       -------------
Good Morning,

Thank you for giving me this opportunity to introduce myself.

I am Deepak Singh Tomar. I did my schooling from C.B.S Convent H.S School No. 2. I recently graduated with a bachelor's degree in computer science from IPS College of Technology and Management.

I am skilled in the MERN stack and have a strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React Native. Essentially, I am a full-stack developer. Last summer, I interned at Ipistis Technology Pvt Ltd as a Front End Intern, where I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.

as Given that your company is seeking a MERN Stack Developer, I believe I am a perfect fit for this role. Because I am adept at designing, developing, and maintaining web applications using the MERN stack, along with collaborating with UI/UX designers and backend developers, developing RESTful APIs, and ensuring high performance and reliability of server-side components.

My short-term goal is to join a reputed company like yours, where I can utilize my skills and knowledge for the upliftment of the company and gain a learning environment to boost my career.

Thank you.

Thank you for giving me this opportunity to introduce myself

I am Deepak Singh Tomar, i have completed my 10th and 12th from C.B.S Convent H.S School No. 2 and  currently I'm pursuing a bachelor degree in computer science from ips college of technology and management 

i am skilled in mern stack and have a good knowledge of html, css, js and react native basically I'm a full stack developer last summer i interned at ipistis technology pvt ltd company as a front end intern i really enjoyed my experience there... 
as your company is also hiring for the same skills i believe i'm the right fit for this role.
My short term goal is to join a reputed company like yours, where I can utilize my skills and knowledge for the Upliftment of the company and where i will get learning environment to boost my career.
my long tern goal is civil service.

Thank you...


why should i hire you?
as i am fresher, i don't have experience, but i am quick learner and very hardworking person. I am ready to learn new things.

why do you want to work here?
why do you want this job?
as i am fresher, i am looking for new opportunities, in my research, i have noticed that your company is growing company. so i think your company will provide me the excellent opportunity to improve my skills and upgrade my knowledge and gain experience.
